update azure waf documentation and error message (#44467)
demisto/content: Packs/ApiModules/ReleaseNotes/2_4_23.md

#### Scripts

##### EWSApiModule

- Improved the error message when a malformed authorization code is provided during the Authorization Code flow setup.

##### MicrosoftApiModule

- Improved the error message when a malformed authorization code is provided during the Authorization Code flow setup.

##### MicrosoftGraphMailApiModule

> - Improved the error message when a malformed authorization code is provided during the Authorization Code flow setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### MicrosoftApiModule

- Updated the error message displayed when an invalid or malformed authorization code is provided during Authorization Code flow configuration.
```
You updated the code of the MicrosoftApiModule, remove the others.
Update the rest of the RN according to this one as well.
